cloud import: add descriptions about access keys (#12448)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/import-parquet-files.md

- If your Parquet files are located in Amazon S3, [configure Amazon S3 access](/tidb-cloud/config-s3-and-gcs-access.md#configure-amazon-s3-access).

>     You can use either an Amazon access key or a Role ARN to access your bucket. Once finished, make a note of the access key or the Role ARN value as you will need it in [Step 4](#step-4-import-parquet-files-to-tidb-cloud).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can use either an AWS access key or a Role ARN to access your bucket. Once finished, make a note of the access key (including the access key ID and secret access key) or the Role ARN value as you will need it in [Step 4](#step-4-import-parquet-files-to-tidb-cloud).
```

    - **Data format**: select **Parquet**.
    - **Bucket URI**: select the bucket URI where your Parquet files are located.

>     - **Bucket Access**: you can use either an Amazon access key or a Role ARN to access your bucket.
>         - **AWS Access Keys**: enter the access key ID and secret access key. For more information about configuring access keys, see [Configure Amazon S3 access](/tidb-cloud/config-s3-and-gcs-access.md#configure-amazon-s3-access).
>         - **Role ARN**: (This field is visible only for AWS S3): enter the Role ARN value for **Role ARN**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Bucket Access** (This field is visible only for AWS S3): you can use either an AWS access key or a Role ARN to access your bucket. For more information, see [Configure Amazon S3 access](/tidb-cloud/config-s3-and-gcs-access.md#configure-amazon-s3-access).
        - **AWS Access Keys**: enter the access key ID and secret access key. 
        - **Role ARN**:: enter the Role ARN value for **Role ARN**.
```
